ACP2E-3062: Documentation and static test of standard integration test fixture (#135)
AdobeDocs/commerce-testing: src/pages/guide/integration/attributes/data-fixture.md

    }
}
```
### Comment block for data fixture

> When creating a data fixture class, it is important to include a comprehensive comment block that provides a detailed description of the fixture’s usage and relevant use case scenarios. This documentation serves as the sole reference for other developers who will utilize the fixture and is essential for maintaining its integrity. Not only is it the responsibility of the developer who creates the fixture, but also of the code reviewer to ensure that the documentation block is clear, accurate, and well-structured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a data fixture class, it is important to include a comprehensive comment block that provides a detailed description of the fixture’s usage and relevant use case scenarios. This documentation serves as the sole reference for other developers who use the fixture and is essential for maintaining its integrity. It is the responsibility of both the developer who creates the fixture and the developer who reviews the code to ensure that the documentation block is clear, accurate, and well-structured.
```

> Please make sure to include the following points in your documentation block:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must include the following in your documentation block:
```

> - The usage of the fixture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Usage of the fixture.
```

> - The example how to use the fixture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An example showing how to use the fixture.
```

> - For fixtures which can be used in different ways, give example of each use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For fixtures that can be used in different ways, examples of each use case.
```

*
*    #[
*        DataFixture(
*            RuleFixture::class,
*            [
*                'conditions' => [
*                    [
*                        'attribute' => 'sku',
*                        'operator' => '()',
*                        'value' => 'simple1,simple3'
*                    ]
*                ]
*            ],
*            'rule'
*        )
*    ]
*    
*    Usage-2: Create target rule using associative array. It will check if sku=simple1 OR sku=simple3 as condition.
*    
*    #[
*        DataFixture(
*            RuleFixture::class,
*            [
*                'conditions' => [
*                    'aggregator' => 'any',
*                    'conditions' => [
*                        [
*                            'attribute' => 'sku',
*                            'value' => 'simple1'
*                        ],
*                        [
*                            'attribute' => 'sku',
*                            'value' => 'simple3'
*                        ]
*                    ],
*                ],
*            ],
*            'rule'
*        )
*    ]
*/
```

> When we implement `apply(array $data=[])` from DataFixtureInterface for the fixture class, we should provide details what $data contains as array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When implementing `apply(array $data=[])` from DataFixtureInterface for the fixture class, you should provide details about what `$data` contains as array.
```

    }
}
```

> ### Comment block for data fixture

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Comment block for data fixture
```

You must include the following in your documentation block:

- Usage of the fixture.
- An example showing how to use the fixture.
- For fixtures that can be used in different ways, examples of each use case.

### Examples

Example 1:

```php?start_inline=1
/* 
*    Target Rule fixture creates a rule with conditions provided as an array.
*
*    Usage: Create target rule using array list. It will check SKU values is in (simple1,simple3) as condition. 
*
*    #[
*        DataFixture(
*            RuleFixture::class,
*            [
*                'conditions' => [
*                    [
*                        'attribute' => 'sku',
*                        'operator' => '()',
*                        'value' => 'simple1,simple3'
*                    ]
*                ]
*            ],
*            'rule'
*        )
*    ]
*/
 ```

> Example 2:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Example 2:
```

> If the fixture can be used in different ways, provide a short description of each use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the fixture can be used in different ways, provide a short description of each use case.

```

You must include the following in your documentation block:

- Usage of the fixture.
- An example showing how to use the fixture.
- For fixtures that can be used in different ways, examples of each use case.

### Examples

Example 1:

```php?start_inline=1
/* 
*    Target Rule fixture creates a rule with conditions provided as an array.
*
*    Usage: Create target rule using array list. It will check SKU values is in (simple1,simple3) as condition. 
*
*    #[
*        DataFixture(
*            RuleFixture::class,
*            [
*                'conditions' => [
*                    [
*                        'attribute' => 'sku',
*                        'operator' => '()',
*                        'value' => 'simple1,simple3'
*                    ]
*                ]
*            ],
*            'rule'
*        )
*    ]
*/
 ```

Example 2:

>     

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
